Ahoy there! I hear you're the new Communications Officer for our little operation here!
/nThe last one didn't last too long, kept getting his dots and dashes mixed up. Strange Fellow...

Anyways, welcome aboard the USS Blackfin! We're excited to have you onboard rookie. You're going
/nto be responsible for decoding covert messages from our fellow submarines. We need to stay in
/ncommunication, you know!

I presume you know morse code already?

What!? You don't?? How did you get this job??

Well, nevermind that, we've launched already... Here, let me show you the basics and that should
/nbe enough for now.

Let me show you the setup first. The screen above me here is where all incoming messages will appear
/nin morse code. They will both type on screen and make noise at the same time. The box below that is
/nwhere you will type incoming messages... in english, of course.

All incoming messages will be sent directly to me. Don't worry if they're nonsense, that's just navy
talk. I'll know what it means.

Anyways, let's teach you the basic letters you need to know. I'll send you a message on screen to
demonstrate what the letters look and sound like.

This is A,

And this is E.

Now, I'm going to send you one of the two. Can you tell me which one this is?

Great job! And what is this one?

You're better than the last guy already, rookie! Maybe I won't have to worry after all. Let's try
/na few more.

This is I.

This is T.

Ok, now can you tell me which one this is?

Amazing Job! What about this?

Perfect. Let's learn two more and then you'll have the basics down.

This is N.

This is R.

Alright rookie, which one is this?

Awesome, and this one?

That's it!

Before you start translating messages, let me tell you about the pauses. In morse code, a "dot" is
/none unit of time, and a "dash" is three units. Between letters in a word, there will be a pause that
/nis one dot worth of time, but between words in a sentance there will be a dash worth of time.

Now that you've gotten that down, you're ready to start translating messgaes for the ship. The screen
/nabove me will only show 3 letters at a time -- if a word is longer than three letters, it will
/nshow the first three, then start typing the next three.

Try to keep up, but don't worry too much if you get lost. You can press the "See whole message" button
after it's done typing to see everything so far.

And if you ever forget a letter, you can use the reference sheet on my left to refresh your memorry!

Good luck!

Alright rookie, I see that you've been getting these messages right pretty consistently. The "streak" in
/nthe corner of the screen there shows you how many messages in a row you've gotten right without looking
/nat the reference sheet.

If you get 5 in a row right, you might just be ready to intoduce some new letters into your vocabulary!

Let me know when you get there!

You've gotten 5 in a row right already! Wow, that's mighty impressive. Well, it looks like we have a
/nslightly more complex message incoming from headquarters.... if you can translate this correctly,
/nI'll show you some new letter.

Keep in mind, a longer pause that is equivalent to the length of a dash means a space between words.

Great Job rookie! We'd better change our course and make sure we're in the right terrian. Good to know
/nyou're looking out for us. I'll get on those course corrections asap.

But first, let's learn some new letters!

To start, this is O.

And this is U.

Ok, now can you tell me which one this is?

Amazing Job! What about this?

Perfect. Let's do two more.

This is L.

This is S.

Alright, which one is this?

Perfect! And this?

You're a natural. That's all for now, but keep up the good work and you'll have a full vocabulary soon.
/nremember, if you get 5 right without looking at the reference sheet, let me know and I'll teach you
/nsome new letters!

Wow, 5 more correct already? You're going to be up to speed in no time!

Hmm... looks like we're getting another secret message from headquarters... If you can translate this,
/nyou'll be ready to learn a few more letters.

Huh, just a weather update I guess.... well, nontheless, great job to you! Let's learn a few more, shall we?

This is D.

And this is Y.

Ok, now let's give you a little test. What's this?
Outstanding job rookie. What about this one?

Great! Let's learn two more.

This is C.

This is H.

Ok, just a little test and then you'll be back in the driver's seat. What's this?

Amazing! And this?

You continue to impress. Well, I'll let you get back too it. If I see you keep up this great work, we'll add
/nsome more letters to your vocablary.

Wow, so many correct already? You might just be suited for this job.

Hmm... looks like we're getting another secret message from headquarters... If you can translate this,
/nyou'll be ready to learn a few more letters.

Wow! Alright then, let's learn a few more, shall we?

This is G.

And this is M.

Ok, now let's give you a little test. What's this?

Outstanding job rookie. What about this one?

Great! Let's learn two more.

This is P.

This is K.

Ok, now what's this?

Amazing! And this?

You continue to impress. Well, I'll let you get back too it. If I see you keep up this great work, we'll add
/nsome more letters to your vocablary.

You're outstanding rookie! You keep soaking up these letters like nobody's business.

Hmm... looks like we're getting another secret message from headquarters... If you can translate this,
/nyou'll be ready to learn a few more letters.

Wow! Alright then, let's learn a few more, shall we?

This is B.

And this is F.

Ok, now a little test. What's this?

That's it! What about this one?

Great! Let's learn two more.

This is W.

This is V.

Ok, now which one is this?

Amazing! And this?

You continue to impress. Well, I'll let you get back too it. If I see you keep up this great work, we'll add
/nsome more letters to your vocablary.

By golly, you've almost learned the whole alphabet by now! We only have 4 more letters to go, and then you'll
/nbe a master!

Hmm... looks like we're getting another secret message from headquarters... If you can translate this,
/nyou'll be ready to learn a few more letters.

Wow! Alright then, let's finish this up, shall we?

This is Z.

And this is X.

Ok, now a little test. What's this?

That's it! What about this one?

Great! Let's learn two more.

This is Q.

This is J.

Ok, now which one is this?

Amazing! And this?

Wow!! And that's it, then end of the Alphabet! If you really get the hang of these last few letters,
/nwe'll be able to promote you to our year-round communications officer! Trust me, that comes with
/na nice pay raise.

You just keep up the great work and keep practicing. Let me know when you feel like you're ready
for me to check your progress.

Man rookie, the last guy who did this could never be as good as you are now. I'm impressed. No one
has ever learned this fast.

Well, we've got a message of the utmost importance from headquarters... It looks a litte complex, but
I feel like I can entrust it to you. Do you feel ready rookie?

Doesn't matter!! No one ever feels ready. Anyways, let's do it! I believe in you.

Wow, you really just saved us! IF we hadn't known, we'd have run right into enemy territory!

Well, I can offically say, you're our best comminucations officer ever. The USS Blackfin is lucky
/nto have you. I'm almost a bit sad to not be teaching you anymore...

Well, anyways, I'll be around. If you'd like to stay with us and keep translating messages, feel free
/nto do so, or come back at any time. But, if you have bigger things to get to now that you're a morse
/ncode master, I understand. Just don't forget me!

Good luck in your endeavors!

