Ahoy there! I hear you're the new Communications Officer for our little operation here!
/nThe last one didn't last too long, kept getting his dots and dashes mixed up. Strange Fellow...

Anyways, welcome aboard the USS Blackfin! We're excited to have you onboard rookie. You're going
/nto be responsible for decoding covert messages from our fellow submarines. We need to stay in
/ncommunication, you know!

I presume you know morse code already?

What!? You don't?? How did you get this job??

Well, nevermind that, we've launched already... Here, let me show you the basics and that should
/nbe enough for now.

Let me show you the setup first. The screen above me here is where all incoming messages will appear
/nin morse code. They will both type on screen and make noise at the same time. The box below that is
/nwhere you will type incoming messages... in english, of course.

All incoming messages will be sent directly to me. Don't worry if they're nonsense, that's just navy
talk. I'll know what it means.

Anyways, let's teach you the basic letters you need to know. I'll send you a message on screen to
demonstrate what the letters look and sound like.

This is A,

And this is E.

Now, I'm going to send you one of the two. Can you tell me which one this is?

Great job! And what is this one?

You're better than the last guy already, rookie! Maybe I won't have to worry after all. Let's try
/na few more.

This is I.

This is T.

Ok, now can you tell me which one this is?

Amazing Job! What about this?

Perfect. Let's learn two more and then you'll have the basics down.

This is N.

This is R.

Alright rookie, which one is this?
Awesome, and this one?

Amazing. Before you start translating messages, let's pracitce with a few of these letters.

That's it!

Now that you've gotten that down, you're ready to start translating messgaes for the ship. The screen
/nabove me will only show 3 letters at a time -- if a word is longer than three letters, it will
/nshow the first three, then start typing the next three.

Try to keep up, but don't worry too much if you get lost. You can press the "See whole message" button
after it's done typing to see everything so far.

And if you ever forget a letter, you can use the reference sheet on my left to refresh your memorry!

Good luck!

Great Translation.

Looks right to me!

Alright rookie, I see that you've been getting these messages right pretty consistently. The "streak" in
/nthe corner of the screen there shows you how many messages in a row you've gotten right without looking
/nat the reference sheet.

If you get 5 in a row right, you might just be ready to intoduce some new letters into your vocabulary!

Let me know when you get there!

You've gotten 5 in a row right already! Wow, that's mighty impressive. Well, it looks like we have a
/nslightly more complex message incoming from headquarters.... if you can translate this correctly,
/nI'll show you some new letter.

Amazing job! You're going to be a real asset to this ship, I can tell. Okay, well let's learn some new
/nletters, then.

To start, this is O.

And this is U.

Ok, now can you tell me which one this is?

Amazing Job! What about this?

Perfect. Let's do two more.

This is L.

This is S.

Alright, which one is this?

Perfect! And this?

You're a natural. That's all for now, but keep up the good work and you'll have a full vocabulary soon.
/nremember, if you get 5 right without looking at the reference sheet, let me know and I'll teach you
/nsome new letters.

